---
layout: post
title: A New Year! Welcome 2021!
---

Last year (2020) was a productive year for me. This time last year, I was preparing my team to gear up to not be in the office before most people thought COVID-19 would be a pandemic. I've always tried to keep up with the news and since November of 2019 COVID had been on my radar. In January, a border collie puppy named Lily came into my life and has been truly man's best friend. I realized the true importance of hobbies and picked up a few throughout the year. The first hobby I explored was calligraphy which has allowed me to send fun snail mail to my family. I picked up the art of espresso making which has kept me safe indoors without the need to go to Starbucks to get my caffeine fix. I met some really good friends outside of my profession from taking Lily to the dog park. I upgraded my computer late in the year and picked up Soulsborne games which is definitely one of the best game genres ever made. I also took on the challenge of making more meals at home and I have worked closer and closer to becoming fully pescatarian. At the end of the year, I also picked up custom computer keyboards and right now I'm typing on a NK65 with box navies and MTS keycaps. Hobbies have really been a saving grace during the pandemic. 

One huge change for me this year was my decision to move from Northern Virginia to Seattle. I never really considered NoVA my home nor did I ever really feel the desire to settle down there. My entire life I have wanted to go west and in early 2019 I set out to explore further several places I wanted to potentially call home. I went to San Fransisco area and had a blast! I loved Palo Alto and Berkley and once COVID is behind us, I know I will visit those places much more often. I also spent a good bit of time in Seattle and I really fell in love with the city. Pre-COVID showed me that Seattle was diverse and full of new places to explore while also the people shared many of the same interests that I was also into. There were days I walked over 30 miles exploring what the city had to offer. I knew at some point I really wanted to come back to Seattle. In the middle of last year, I was randomly contacted to see if I was interested in joining an organization that in fact I was already exploring and knew would be perfect place in allowing me to pursue my research interests and best of all it allowed me to relocate to Seattle! After working at this organization over the last several months while it hasn't been entirely perfect, I couldn't ask for a better opportunity. I know that this will turn into one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences yet! For the first time, I think I have finally found a place that will challenge me well over 12 months and be a fun place to work at the same time.

When I moved to Seattle, I moved just after many of the major BLM protests happening in Capital Hill. In looking for a place to live, I had originally wanted to live in the Fremont area where I was most familiar. Sadly, I couldn't find a place in that area in my short time schedule. I ended up just several blocks from Pikes Place and right outside the heart of Capital Hill. On my first week here, I decided to have lunch at Ramen Danbo which just a week before had its windows shattered and fireworks thrown into the building which ignited some restaurant decor and made national news headlines. I was pretty hungry when I got there and I was still waiting for most of my stuff to arrive from NoVA but, that was some of the best ramen I have ever eaten. A few weeks later, I decided to try a French restaurant several blocks awar which too was out of this world. I feel fortunate to have gone to those two restaurants as since then, Seattle city restaurants have been delivery only. Other than walking around the city, there is not much to do since COVID. The city of Seattle takes COVID much more seriously than what I was used to in NoVA. I'm still trying to explore the city and I hope we come closer to beating this virus and able to get back to some type of "normal" this year. I have learned a few things since being in Seattle that I didn't know when visiting which I'll save for a future post. Even during COVID and all the rain we have been having, Seattle has been great so far and Im so excited to be apart of this city! Till next time.... 